Add plots to illustrate what the optimizer does (#11072)
dask/dask: docs/source/dataframe-optimizer.rst

  ``df.groupby(...).apply(...)`` after a merge operation will not shuffle the data
  again if the groupby happens on the merge columns.

  .. figure:: images/optimizer/avoiding-shuffles.svg
    :align: center

>     Performing two subsequent Joins/Merges on the same join-column(s) will avoid shuffling the

Reviewer: nit: IMO this makes it clearer that this is still an example and this optimization is not limited to these cases. YMMV, feel free to ignore.

```suggestion
    Similarly, performing two subsequent Joins/Merges on the same join-column(s) will avoid shuffling the
```

    data again. The optimizer identifies that the partitioning of the DataFrame is already as

>     expected and thus simplifies the operation to a single Shuffle and a trivial merge operation.

Reviewer: nit: The term "trivial" merge seems very vague to me, maybe "pre-partitioned" merge highlights what's special/trivial about it?
```suggestion
    expected and thus simplifies the operation to a single Shuffle and a pre-partitioned merge operation.
```

>     expected and thus simplifies the operation to a single Shuffle and a trivial merge operation.

Reviewer: How does this work again? Do we only detect this for subsequent merges or all cases where the data is correctly pre-partitioned?

Author: All cases where we partitioned at some point in the past, e.g. 

result = df.merge(df2)
result = result.dropna()
result = result.merge(df3)

would work as well.
